

Battleship Python Game

This game is based on the concept of the well known Battleship, or Torpedo game. The goal is to destroy all the enemy ships, before the enemy manages to find and destroy the player's.

https://preview.ibb.co/bZHfov/start.png


After the start screen, the player has to select the position of the ships. This is done by entering first H(for horizontal) or V(for vertical). This will specify whether the ship you want to place is placed horizontally, or vertically. You can see the length of the ship you are currently placing.

https://image.ibb.co/dp7PFa/HorV.png

Next is the origin position. If Horizontal placement is selected, the ship's first coordinate will be inserted into the given position, then the program will automatically place the remaining coordinates on the left side of the origin. For Vertical placement, the same is done, but instead it is placed downwards from the origin. The coordinates of a ship is marked with an "O".

https://image.ibb.co/c4ND8v/Placed.png

This goes on, until the player has no ship left to place (usually 5 ships). Then the second player places their ships.



Next is the Battling stage, where each player can see their own "shipboard", with their ships at the bottom, and an "attackboard", which shows the previous hits or misses. A player can attack the other player's board, by entering a coordinate.
If the enemy player has a ship on the exact coordinate, then it will be a hit and is marked by a green "V" on the attacking player's "attackboard", and with a red "V" on the enemy's "shipboard". If it's a miss, then it is marked by an "X". After an attack, the boards change to the other player's board, and another attack round begins.

https://image.ibb.co/c4bvMF/attack.png

When a Player destroys all of the enemy's ships, he/she wins the game.
https://preview.ibb.co/i1r6Tv/winner.png
 

Improvements over the current version:

1. Improve “functional programming” according to the used functions; the original codefile should be splitted into different files.
2. Inform the attacking player if one of the attacked ships was sank.
3. Make the possibility to play against AI.
4. Add some sounds to the game to improve gaming experience.

